Hello friends, in today's video we will learn
how to fill our pre and post hospitalization details through ICCI load.
For this, we will have to go to file claim
and
select the option of pre and post hospitalization. After this,
we will
select the claim in whose name we want to raise the
claim and the rest. After this, we will
fill the address details here.
After filling the address details, we will
click on proceed and then click on proceed.
Then the remaining details will come to us and we will have to
complete it to fill it. Then
click on proceed. The details of the
hospital in which the patient
is hospitalized will have to be updated here
with pin code, state and city.
As soon as we select the pin code here,
our state and city will appear.
Then we will select the date of admission, meaning the date on which the
hospitalization took place.
We will select ok
and the date of discharge, the date on which I am
charged. If you have availed any cashless
facility, then select yes, otherwise no, and
then proceed further.  If
we enter the bank details, then the patient
or the nominee,
if that nominee is hospitalized, then we can update the
bank details of the person in whose name the insurance is also,
so
here we will update the bank details and the
proper bank name and bank
account number, IFSC code, branch name and the
rest of the details that will be asked related to the bank,
we will have to update them, later we
also have to upload an image of the cancelled cheque book, so the
option of PAN card is also coming below here,
we will type the PAN card here and
after typing we will have to click on proceed,
so here our PAN card is
typed, click on proceed, then the
payment received, now here we have to
upload the PDF, whatever
document we get in the PDF image, it should be
clear and should not be blurred,
rest whatever is related to our medicine or
discharge summary or whatever are our medical
documents, we will upload them one by one, so
we have
updated two things, payment received, cancelled cheque, then
pharmacy and medicine
We will upload all our bills here.
We have converted all of them into PDF format.
If we have a PDF
file, we will upload it as PDF.
Otherwise, if it is in JPG, it should be clear.
You can see that
after uploading all the medical bills one by one, we have uploaded them here.
If we want to upload another, we will have to click on the plus sign
and we can view it. Our
pharmacy and medical bills have been
uploaded here. Then
we will go back and upload the remaining discharge
summary or concentration report.
We will also check here by viewing it once
that the document we are uploading is
not a duplicate or the
correct file is being uploaded.
For this, if we are uploading from a mobile, then we will
type its proper name. If it is
wrong or the duplicate copy will
not be uploaded, then you can see that
all our files have been uploaded
and after loading,
we will again  If you submit, then after submitting,
two options will appear for declaration, we will
select them after reading them properly
and then after that
we will click on final submit. Before final submit, we will
check all our details once,
whatever details we have filled,
claim amount, hospital name and all other
details, are they proper or not, then we will
click on final submit,
an OTP will be sent to our registered number
for verification and we will have to type that OTP here,
after typing, then
we will complete the further process, we have
received the OTP,
we typed it, submitted the OTP and
we
also got a message saying OTP verified successfully, so in this way
our claim has been submitted and a number has
also been generated here, later
we can also track and check
what is the status of the claim or what is the
progress, thank you m